Auto-generates release notes based on PRs and Issues (#2177)
dapr/dapr: docs/release_notes/template.md

  
# Dapr $dapr_version

We're happy to announce the release of Dapr $dapr_version!

We would like to extend our thanks to all the new and existing contributors who helped make this release happen.

**Highlights**

If you're new to Dapr, visit the [getting started](https://github.com/dapr/docs/tree/master/getting-started) page and familiarize yourself with Dapr.

Docs have been updated with all the new features and changes of this release. To get started with new capabilities introduced in this release, go to the [Concepts](https://github.com/dapr/docs/tree/master/concepts) and the [How To section](https://github.com/dapr/docs/tree/master/howto#how-tos).

$warnings

See [this](#upgrading-to-dapr-$dapr_version) section on upgrading Dapr to version $dapr_version.

## New in this release

$dapr_changes

## Upgrading to Dapr $dapr_version

To upgrade to this release of Dapr, follow the steps here to ensure a smooth upgrade. You know, the one where you don't get red errors on the terminal.. we all hate that, right?

### Local Machine / Self-hosted

> Uninstall Dapr using the CLI you currently have installed. Note that this will remove the default $HOME/.dapr directory, binaries and all containers dapr_redis, dapr_placement and dapr_zipkin. Linux users need to run sudo if they have installed binary in default path /usr/local/bin/ or have docker command needing sudo:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Uninstall Dapr using the CLI you currently have installed. Note that this will remove the default $HOME/.dapr directory, binaries and all containers dapr_redis, dapr_placement and dapr_zipkin. Linux users need to run sudo if docker command needs sudo:
```

```bash
dapr uninstall --all
```

Next, follow [these](https://github.com/dapr/cli#installing-dapr-cli) instructions to install the latest CLI version, or alternatively download the latest and greatest release from [here](https://github.com/dapr/cli/releases) and put the `dapr` binary in your PATH.

Once you have installed the CLI, run:

```bash
dapr init
```

Wait for the update to finish,  ensure you are using the latest version of Dapr($dapr_version) with:

```bash
$ dapr --version

CLI version: $dapr_version
Runtime version: $dapr_version
```

### Kubernetes

#### Upgrading from previous version

> If you previously installed Dapr using Helm, starting with this releases you can now upgrade Dapr to a new version.

Reviewer: remove line? Since we have started supporting upgrades from 0.11.0?

Author: I've edited it.
